[Music]
You have to give it your all.
What I have to give it my all.  Yes, let's
see, we have one last topic left.
We had several pending, in
fact we ended up with some
themes left over, but I found one that I think
you'd be very interested in.  So,
since I think you're passionate about this topic
, I'm going to share it with you so you can
give me your opinion.
It's gender violence.  It's no joke.
Oh, it's not going or
what.  Look, Javi.
Javi, what's
up?  It doesn't work.  It doesn't work.  But why doesn't he
go?  I don't think so.  I think
someone has broken in here, huh?  Because I
don't know about wifi, I mean, I don't know.
Someone has gotten in here, guys from the va.  But
how come it doesn't work?  Oh, but with how damn, with
how funny it was, I've seen it
before and I'm like, "Let's see, but how come it's not
going."
Let's see if it goes away.
Terelu leaves survivors, she does not
survive her sister's 21 days.  He says he ca
n't take it anymore, although there is something
that particularly catches my attention.
Despite having slept on the island every day, he
doesn't have a single
mosquito bite on his arm.  It's a
huge achievement because, hey, the rest of our
teammates are covered in bites,
but Terelun and a suspect, right?
We're going to discuss everything, but first I'm a
caviollos.  follow me for more gossip.
Maybe Terelu is one of those people who
manages to keep mosquitoes from coming to her and
her friends go and they don't bite her.   He's
lucky.  But well, she has said
that she has overcome many fears, that
she has bathed alone for the first time, that she
has shown her arms, her body.  It's
true that in recent weeks she has become
the undisputed star
of Survivors.  Your stay there has been
worth it, honestly.  It has
given us many great moments.  I'm sad that she's
dropping out, that she won't surpass her sister's record
and that she won't become a
full-fledged survivor, but
we knew she was going to leave from the
start and she's held out for 18 days.  I would
like to know your opinion.  Follow me
for more
gossip.  Well, you have your opinion. Let's
see, my opinion.  I hadn't noticed the
mosquito bites.  Uh, obviously.  Man,
new bread.  I don't want to tell you exactly
that detail.  Now I'm going to tell you about
others that I have noticed.  I've looked
at her before and after and she
is, I think she's gained weight or she's the
same.  It's exactly the same.  Oh, how
sleepy he is, listen to me.  It's
exactly the same.  I mean, I mean, 18
days or 20 days or how long has it been 18.
I mean, I mean.  H, divine of death, without
any mosquito bites.  And wait,
the fight in Survivor
is over a supposed lighter.  Pay attention to the
painting, I'm going to tell you about it
here, but I'm sure you haven't seen it.  And
the other day one of the contestants,
Gala, they nominated, I
think it was Playa Furia, part of the
group nominated them for
disciplinary reasons because one of them
confessed that she found a lighter,
right?  So, of course, they set fire and
they say, of course, they got caught.  This is where they
catch you all, come on.  They were caught
with a hidden lighter.  So,
suddenly everyone seemed to
blame each other for one thing or another,
because everyone had something to do with the
trap.  So, everyone nominated,
the whole nominated group.  And Terelu, there was a
frame of Terelu on that face, I mean, on
that topic as if saying, "
My God, I'm a little nervous, aren't I?
Maybe I had something to do with it, they're
going to expose me here."  Sure, there's something
like maokeque out there, some
slightly strange image of Jorge Nicotia.
that was hers, damn it.  Let's see, they
found him in a boat, some cookies,
a lighter and I don't know what, it could have belonged to
a worker.  It may be from a
worker, but I, let's see, mm, I don't know
what you want me to tell you.  I don't know about
you.  The first thing I thought was,
this is from Terelu, I don't know what brand of
tobacco it would be.  Well, maybe she's
smoking another brand, but I think
this is Terelu's.  Then that's
second, then they're selling us.  Look, I'm
loving Survivors, but
what I like the least is
Terelu's plot, I mean, it's like we don't
care.  Just like Carmen
Borregó gave it life last year.  This
year for me Terelu's appearance, I
mean, her star appearance
taking a dip in the sea, I mean, in
Honduras with that paradisiacal beach, it's
like, "Wow, she did a feat seeing her
daughter and sister on set
proudly applauding and the stage manager
saying, "I'll pay you €5 to the audience,
applaud." I mean, it's a way of
speaking. It seems to me, really, I'm
telling you, Javier Oliveira Ávila, it's that, I mean, it's that he
's really strong
. Then another thing and I'll finish, eh,
I think they've ruined, they're ruining the
format with this type of people, but
of course, like eh Juan Ramón Juanra,
the director, the boss of Quartz, is
totally attached to Terelu and he's not going to
let go of the Campos, they're in it for each
other, they're going to screw us tomorrow. What's the
big deal about tomorrow's gala? Terero on
set is having a
wonderful edition, full  of plots of
everything. What do we care about Terlo in Plato? He's
done nothing but sleep, eh,
sneak out of a storm, not do
any tests when Coldo, who I
think has had two cancers in a man
who's 67, did such a
spectacular test yesterday that I almost
cried, a humble guy, a guy who gives
all the brutal tests and then
this lady comes along, please, eh, to which we
already have scales in certain things.
Ah, as if I had, come on, as if
I had raised a pyramid from the
pyramid of Keos.  Come on, he went to
Egypt, he came back, he did, well, the
truth is that he gave us almost no
content, he gave us two memes and
four things and he took what, one
hundred and something 1000 euros.  Javi,
between that and the Spanish television thing, we ca
n't believe it anymore.  It's just
that, really, even though it's private, it
's very strong.  It's just that it's
not true, I'm telling you.  Hashag
indignant.  This is an excerpt because it is
absolute outrage.  Outrage
against the title, great indignation against
the fields.  Hey, two points because
tomorrow they're going to give us a hard time in the
whole program.  Of course, half for the
Treasury.  Yes, but he has taken more
than most of the contestants who make
it to the final.  Javi, and you're here
saying that tomorrow I don't know what's going to happen to you.
No, Javi, no, really, eh, no, life
is complicated, isn't it?  I tell you no.  A
painting.  Let's see, but anyway, the program
has accepted that agreement with her, she's
interested in having the program.  Of course, the
program has agreed to pay
whatever and whatever they have
agreed with her.
eh to have it there and that's it.  That is,
there is no more.  I mean, yesterday he did a
22, I think, huh?  One is amazing.
Tele C hasn't seen that, they only see it
with this and with
Temptation Island.  He doesn't see it.  The rest is eight,
a
nuvivientes, 22, the island 18. The rest is 9
7. I mean, it's eh, how much did he do yesterday?  I think
21. That's an outrage.  My goodness.
No, that's why I'm telling you.  Of course, my goodness.
You think about a 21st, eh, the advertising more
or less 10:30, 11 at night, those
ads, that 7-minute block.  Mm, I
don't know what an ad there is worth, I don't
know, but come on,
those at the top are really getting it right there, aren't they?  To
pay Terelus several, come on, no, no,
no, but oh well, that's it.  So
maybe I have an exclusivity,
eh, then at the salseria I have to
consult about it. No, of course, but I'm
telling you here that you're a little afraid of us
so that people go there,
right?  I have to
ask if I can publish it or not.
They sent me something.  Ah, I mean, it's
publishable and no, I mean, it's not told
directly, it's publishable first.  Yes,
no, it's an image.  It's an image, but I do
n't know if I can post it or not.  Mm.  an
image.  It would be cool, it would be cool
to put it, but but I'm going to ask
first.  Let's see, wait.  In fact,
I'm going to ask him.   It
has to do with, uh, I mean, is it an image
of someone you care about or of someone
controversial that you're at odds with?
Mm, well, I'm not at odds with
her.  Ah, she's a woman, guys.
[Music]